What has a face and two hands but no arms or legs?
What has a thumb and four fingers but is not alive?
What has to be broken before you can use it?
What has a neck but no head?
What gets wetter the more it dries?
What goes up but never comes back down?
What belongs to you but is used more by others?
Everyone has it and no one can lose it, what is it?
It's been around for millions of years, but it's no more than a month old. What is it?
What goes up and down stairs without moving?
Give it food and it will live; give it water and it will die.
What can you catch but not throw?
I run, yet I have no legs. What am I?
Take one out and scratch my head, I am now black but once was red.
Remove the outside, cook the inside, eat the outside, throw away the inside.What am I?
What goes around the world and stays in a corner?
What gets wetter the more it dries?
The more there is, the less you see.
They come at night without being called and are lost in the day without being stolen.
What kind of room has no windows or doors?
I have holes on the top and bottom. I have holes on my left and on my right. And I have holes in the middle, yet I still hold water. What am I?
I look at you, you look at me, I raise my right, you raise your left. What am I?
It has no top or bottom but it can hold flesh, bones, and blood all at the same time. What is this object?
The more you take the more you leave behind.
Light as a feather, there is nothing in it; the strongest man can't hold it for much more than a minute.
As I walked along the path I saw something with four fingers and one thumb, but it was not flesh, fish, bone, or fowl.
What can run but never walks, has a mouth but never talks, has a head but never weeps, has a bed but never sleeps?
I went into the woods and got it, I sat down to seek it, I brought it home with me because I couldn't find it.
What can fill a room but takes up no space?
It is weightless, you can see it, and if you put it in a barrel, it will make the barrel lighter?
No sooner spoken than broken. What is it?
Only two backbones and thousands of ribs. What am I?
If you have it, you want to share it. If you share it, you don't have it. What is it?
Take off my skin, I won't cry, but you will. What am I?
What can go up and come down without moving?
What do you fill with empty hands?
What do you serve that you can't eat?
What do you throw out when you want to use it but take in when you don't want to use it?
What has a foot on each side and one in the middle?
What kind of coat can be put on only when wet?
You answer me, although I never ask you questions. What am I?
I'm tall when I'm young and I'm short when I'm old. What am I?
What starts with the letter 't', is filled with 't' and ends in 't'?
Lives in winter, dies in summer, and grows with its roots upward.  What is it?
I'm full of keys but I can't open any door.  What am I?
I am taken from a mine, and shut up in a wooden case, from which I am never released, and yet I am used by almost everybody.
Many have heard me, but nobody has seen me, and I will not speak back until spoken to. What am I?
I have keys but no locks. I have a space but no room. You can enter, but c
Every night I'm told what to do, and each morning I do what i'm told. But I still don't escape your scold.
I am a mother and a father, but have never given birth. I'm rarely still, but I never wander. What am I?
Which word in the dictionary is spelled incorrectly?
You can see me in water, but I never get wet. What am I?
What gets whiter the dirtier it gets?
I fly without wings, I cry without eyes. What am I?
What is easy to get into, but hard to get out of?
I know a word; six letters it contains. And yet if you take one away, twelve is what remains. What word is it?
You will always find me in the past. I can be created in the present, But the future can never taint me. What am I?
The more you take, the more you leave behind. What am I?
What kind of dress can never be worn?
I don't have eyes, but once I did see. Once I had thoughts, but now I'm white and empty.